<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Kubernetes Configuration Extension

This module deploys a `Microsoft.KubernetesConfiguration/extensions` resource to an AKS managed cluster using AzAPI.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.11, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.9)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.6)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_extension_type"></a> [extension\_type](#input\_extension\_type)

Description: Type of the Extension, of which this resource is an instance of.  It must be one of the Extension Types registered with Microsoft.KubernetesConfiguration by the Extension publisher.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the resource.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_parent_id"></a> [parent\_id](#input\_parent\_id)

Description: The parent resource ID for this resource. For an AKS cluster extension, this should be the resource ID of the AKS cluster to which this extension will be attached, in the format:
 - `/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.ContainerService/managedClusters/{clusterName}`

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_additional_details"></a> [additional\_details](#input\_additional\_details)

Description: Additional details provided by the extension publisher.

- `docs` - Documentation for the extension.
- `release_notes` - Release notes for the extension.
- `troubleshooting_guide` - Troubleshooting guide for the extension.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    docs                  = optional(string)
    release_notes         = optional(string)
    troubleshooting_guide = optional(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_aks_assigned_identity"></a> [aks\_assigned\_identity](#input\_aks\_assigned\_identity)

Description: Identity of the Extension resource in an AKS cluster

- `type` - The identity type.
- `client_id` - The client ID of the resource identity.
- `object_id` - The object ID of the resource identity.
- `resource_id` - The resource ID of the resource identity.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    client_id   = optional(string)
    object_id   = optional(string)
    resource_id = optional(string)
    type        = optional(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_auto_upgrade_minor_version"></a> [auto\_upgrade\_minor\_version](#input\_auto\_upgrade\_minor\_version)

Description: Flag to note if this extension participates in auto upgrade of minor version, or not.

Type: `bool`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_auto_upgrade_mode"></a> [auto\_upgrade\_mode](#input\_auto\_upgrade\_mode)

Description: The extension auto-upgrade mode. Azure defaults this to `compatible`.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_configuration_protected_settings"></a> [configuration\_protected\_settings](#input\_configuration\_protected\_settings)

Description: Configuration settings that are sensitive, as name-value pairs for configuring this extension.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_configuration_protected_settings_version"></a> [configuration\_protected\_settings\_version](#input\_configuration\_protected\_settings\_version)

Description: The version of the configuration protected settings. This is used to determine whether the protected settings have changed or not, since the values themselves are not tracked due to being sensitive. If this version value changes, then the protected settings will be applied again.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_configuration_settings"></a> [configuration\_settings](#input\_configuration\_settings)

Description: Configuration settings, as name-value pairs for configuring this extension.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_extension_version"></a> [extension\_version](#input\_extension\_version)

Description: User-specified version of the extension for this extension to 'pin'. To use 'version', autoUpgradeMinorVersion must be 'false'.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_managed_by"></a> [managed\_by](#input\_managed\_by)

Description: The fully qualified resource ID of the resource that manages this extension.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_managed_identities"></a> [managed\_identities](#input\_managed\_identities)

Description: Controls the Managed Identity configuration on this resource.

Only system-assigned identity is supported by the Microsoft.KubernetesConfiguration extension resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    system_assigned            = optional(bool, false)
    user_assigned_resource_ids = optional(set(string), [])
  })
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_management_details"></a> [management\_details](#input\_management\_details)

Description: Management details for the extension.

- `access_details` - Access details for the managing entity.
  - `allowed_actions` - Actions allowed for the entity.
  - `description` - Description of the entity.
  - `entity` - Entity to which the access details apply.
- `category` - Category of the managing entity.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    access_details = optional(list(object({
      allowed_actions = optional(list(string))
      description     = optional(string)
      entity          = optional(string)
    })))
    category = optional(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_plan"></a> [plan](#input\_plan)

Description: Details of the resource plan.

- `name` - A user defined name of the 3rd Party Artifact that is being procured.
- `product` - The 3rd Party artifact that is being procured. E.g. NewRelic. Product maps to the OfferID specified for the artifact at the time of Data Market onboarding.
- `promotion_code` - A publisher provided promotion code as provisioned in Data Market for the said product/artifact.
- `publisher` - The publisher of the 3rd Party Artifact that is being bought. E.g. NewRelic
- `version` - The version of the desired product/artifact.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    name           = string
    product        = string
    promotion_code = optional(string)
    publisher      = string
    version        = optional(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_release_train"></a> [release\_train](#input\_release\_train)

Description: ReleaseTrain this extension participates in for auto-upgrade (e.g. Stable, Preview, etc.) - only if autoUpgradeMinorVersion is 'true'.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_scope"></a> [scope](#input\_scope)

Description: Scope at which the extension is installed.

- `cluster` - Specifies that the scope of the extension is Cluster
  - `release_namespace` - Namespace where the extension Release must be placed, for a Cluster scoped extension.  If this namespace does not exist, it will be created
- `namespace` - Specifies that the scope of the extension is Namespace
  - `target_namespace` - Namespace where the extension will be created for an Namespace scoped extension.  If this namespace does not exist, it will be created

Type:

```hcl
object({
    cluster = optional(object({
      release_namespace = optional(string)
    }))
    namespace = optional(object({
      target_namespace = optional(string)
    }))
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_statuses"></a> [statuses](#input\_statuses)

Description: Statuses supplied by the extension publisher.

- `code` - Status code.
- `display_status` - Short status description.
- `level` - Status level.
- `message` - Detailed status message.
- `time` - ISO 8601 status timestamp.

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    code           = optional(string)
    display_status = optional(string)
    level          = optional(string)
    message        = optional(string)
    time           = optional(string)
  }))
```

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_aks_assigned_identity_principal_id"></a> [aks\_assigned\_identity\_principal\_id](#output\_aks\_assigned\_identity\_principal\_id)

Description: The principal ID of resource identity.

### <a name="output_aks_assigned_identity_tenant_id"></a> [aks\_assigned\_identity\_tenant\_id](#output\_aks\_assigned\_identity\_tenant\_id)

Description: The tenant ID of resource.

### <a name="output_api_version"></a> [api\_version](#output\_api\_version)

Description: The resource api version

### <a name="output_current_version"></a> [current\_version](#output\_current\_version)

Description: Currently installed version of the extension.

### <a name="output_custom_location_settings"></a> [custom\_location\_settings](#output\_custom\_location\_settings)

Description: Custom Location settings properties.

### <a name="output_error_info"></a> [error\_info](#output\_error\_info)

Description: Error information reported by the extension.

### <a name="output_extension_state"></a> [extension\_state](#output\_extension\_state)

Description: State of the extension on the cluster.

### <a name="output_identity_principal_id"></a> [identity\_principal\_id](#output\_identity\_principal\_id)

Description: The principal ID of resource identity.

### <a name="output_identity_tenant_id"></a> [identity\_tenant\_id](#output\_identity\_tenant\_id)

Description: The tenant ID of resource.

### <a name="output_is_system_extension"></a> [is\_system\_extension](#output\_is\_system\_extension)

Description: Whether the extension is a system extension.

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the created resource.

### <a name="output_package_uri"></a> [package\_uri](#output\_package\_uri)

Description: Uri of the Helm package

### <a name="output_provisioning_state"></a> [provisioning\_state](#output\_provisioning\_state)

Description: The provisioning state of the extension.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The ID of the created resource.

### <a name="output_statuses"></a> [statuses](#output\_statuses)

Description: Statuses reported by the extension.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->